agent-to-agent token exchange (#6220)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/ea-ai-agent-token-exchange/main/agent-to-agent/exchange-idjag-for-token.md

```

| Parameter | Description and value |
| --- | --- |
| `grant_type` | The value must be `urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:jwt-bearer` |
| `assertion` | The ID-JAG received in the Exchange token for resource token [response](/docs/guides/ea-ai-agent-token-exchange/agent-to-agent/main/#response). |

#### Response

The response contains an access token (T3) with the same delegation chain context, which Agent 1 passes to Agent 2.

```JSON
{
  "token_type": "Bearer",
  "expires_in": 3600,
  "access_token": "eyJraWQiOiJQLVgxeC1ITWtuSThPS0lUeE5TWVlsMHR0blJobUY4Q0xTaUdBenlwemJVIiwiYWxnIjoi...",
  "scope": "chat.read+chat.history"
}
```

The access token contains the following claims:

```JSON
{
  "iss": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/{authServerId}",
  "sub": "0oa9jh6hizeR7uMag0g7",
  "aud": "https://agent2.example.com",
  "iat": 1780596935,
  "exp": 1780600535,
  "scope": "chat.read chat.history",
  "sub_profile": "service",
  "act": {
    "sub": "{agent1ClientId}",
    "sub_profile": "ai_agent",
    "act": {
      "sub": "{initiatingClientId}",
      "sub_profile": "service"
    }
  }
}
```

| Claim | Actor |
| --- | --- |

> | `sub` | Agent 1, the immediate actor |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `act.sub` | Agent 1, the immediate actor |
```

```

| Parameter | Description and value |
| --- | --- |
| `grant_type` | The value must be `urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:jwt-bearer` |
| `assertion` | The ID-JAG received in the Exchange token for resource token [response](/docs/guides/ea-ai-agent-token-exchange/agent-to-agent/main/#response). |

#### Response

The response contains an access token (T3) with the same delegation chain context, which Agent 1 passes to Agent 2.

```JSON
{
  "token_type": "Bearer",
  "expires_in": 3600,
  "access_token": "eyJraWQiOiJQLVgxeC1ITWtuSThPS0lUeE5TWVlsMHR0blJobUY4Q0xTaUdBenlwemJVIiwiYWxnIjoi...",
  "scope": "chat.read+chat.history"
}
```

The access token contains the following claims:

```JSON
{
  "iss": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/{authServerId}",
  "sub": "0oa9jh6hizeR7uMag0g7",
  "aud": "https://agent2.{yourOktaDomain}",
  "iat": 1780596935,
  "exp": 1780600535,
  "scope": "chat.read+chat.history",
  "sub_profile": "service",
  "act": {
    "sub": "wlp9jebmx18qWtCeu0g7",
    "sub_profile": "ai_agent"
  },
  "delegated_through": [
    {
      "sub": "0oa9jh6hizeR7uMag0g7",
      "sub_profile": "service"
    }

>   ],

Reviewer: same nested act claim comment

}
```

| Claim | Actor |
| --- | --- |
| `act.sub` | Agent 1, the immediate actor |

> | `delegated_through.sub` | Original service client that initiated the flow. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `act.act.sub` | Original service client that initiated the flow. |
```
